Frontend Engineer, Payments
China
Role overview
Application
Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.

IMPORTANT TO READ BEFORE YOU APPLY: THIS POSITION NEEDS TO BASED IN CHINA AND NOT PROVIDE VISA SPONSORSHIP. 

The Community You Will Join:

 

Payments Growth & Personalization (PGP) is a horizontal team within Payments focused on unlocking top‑line growth and sustainable efficiency through the payment experience. We deliver user‑facing capabilities and platform levers that improve conversion, affordability, and cost, partnering closely across US, India, and China to ship at global scale.

 

The Difference You Will Make:

 

As a Frontend Engineer, you will collaborate closely with the Payments Regional, Growth, and Personalization teams, leveraging your deep expertise in web technologies to lead a small frontend team and drive the development of high-quality Payments products. Your key partners will be based in the US, India, China, and Poland.

 

A Typical Day: 

 

Work closely with product managers and Backend engineers on the team to review, design and develop Payments products.
Participate in all phases of software development from architecture/design through implementation, testing, and on-call.
Manage a frontend development team of 5 contractors, overseeing code reviews and ensuring consistent productivity.
Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends, technologies, and best practices in Web development.
 

Your Expertise:

3+ years of industry engineering experience
Fluency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Typescript, React and related web technologies
Experience with modern JavaScript libraries and tooling (e.g. React, npm, webpack...)
Strong communication and organizational skills
Ability to work in areas outside of your usual comfort zone and show motivation for personal growth without a dedicated product manager
Fluency in English is essential.
 

Your Location

 

This position is China - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Your recruiter will inform you what cities you are able to work from depending on your personal legal working identity and Airbnb internal policies.

 

Our Commitment to Inclusion & Belonging:

Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
