Software Engineer II
Apply
Cohesity - Bangalore - Elnath

Full time

Posted 31 Days ago

R02680

Cohesityopens in a new tab is the leader in AI-powered data security. Over 13,600 enterprise customers, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 and nearly 70% of the Global 500, rely on Cohesity to strengthen their resilience while providing Gen AI insights into their vast amounts of data. Formed from the combination of Cohesity with Veritas’ enterprise data protection business, the company’s solutions secure and protect data on-premises, in the cloud, and at the edge. Backed by NVIDIA, IBM, HPE, Cisco, AWS, Google Cloud, and others, Cohesity is headquartered in Santa Clara, CA, with offices around the globe.  

We’ve been named a Leader by multiple analyst firms and have been globally recognizedopens in a new tab for Innovation, Product Strength, and Simplicity in Design , and our cultureopens in a new tab. 

Want to join the leader in AI-powered data security? 

HOW YOU’LL SPEND YOUR TIME HERE

Design, develop and deliver next-generation Security products Activities in brief but not limited to Vulnerability Management, OS Security, RED team activities, Security Audits, Security Architecture review, etc.
Security tooling, SDLC, Testing, and automation of various components from a Security perspective. Areas of work include, but are not limited to KMS, Encryption, Crypto, PKI, etc.
Product development by taking part in coding/unit testing of components of product security.
Coordinate features and deliverables across multiple teams to achieve project goals Collaborate with cloud operations to establish KPI for different services and own end to end delivery and lifecycle management Lead initiatives and projects. Provide technical leadership and mentoring to team members.
WE’D LOVE TO TALK TO YOU IF YOU HAVE MANY OF THE FOLLOWING

B.Tech/B.E or degree equivalent
2+ years in software development, with data structures/algorithms.
2+ years of experience with Security Experience.
Must have worked in at least one of the following security areas: Security Tool development, Analysis, Threat modeling, API security, Network Security, Vulnerability detections, Security Protocols (SSH, Kerberos etc),etc.
Participation in the Security Forum and update knowledge of security trends and vulnerabilities is plus.
Validation or automation of security or familiarity with security tools is a must. Hands-on coding skills in at least one of the following languages: Golang, python is a must
Must have Linux familiarity and working knowledge of Linux internal workings. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Motivated to solve complex problems and challenges.
Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates:

For information on personal data processing, please see our Privacy Policyopens in a new tab.


Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE)

Cohesity is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law.

If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at 1-855-9COHESITY or talent@cohesity.comopens in a new tab for assistance.

In-Office Expectations

Cohesity employees who are within a reasonable commute (e.g. within a forty-five (45) minute average travel time) work out of our core offices 2-3 days a week of their choosing.

Interested candidates based outside of the designated areas are welcome to apply, provided they have the right to work in the job location