Software Engineer, Commerce Frontend
Company Overview


Docusign brings agreements to life. Over 1.5 million customers and more than a billion people in over 180 countries use Docusign solutions to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people’s lives. With intelligent agreement management, Docusign unleashes business-critical data that is trapped inside of documents. Until now, these were disconnected from business systems of record, costing businesses time, money, and opportunity. Using Docusign’s Intelligent Agreement Management platform, companies can create, commit, and manage agreements with solutions created by the #1 company in e-signature and contract lifecycle management (CLM).


What you'll do


Docusign is looking for a highly motivated full stack Software Engineer to join our commerce platform team. This person will work in a close knitted development Pod of 4-6 engineers to develop, test, and support features and experimentation on ecom.docusign.com and adjacent experiences.

The Commerce engineering team offers unique learning opportunities where you will be directly involved in end-to-end customer experience ownership across a large surface area of product and engineering collaboration. We look for candidates with love for computer science and engineering, and we truly believe you will enjoy and find success in this team.
 

This position is an individual contributor role reporting to the Engineering Manager, Commerce Platform. 

 

Responsibility

Design and develop high-quality, user-focused experiences using React, Next.js and Node.js

Build, maintain, and scale a robust component library to ensure UI consistency and reusability

Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code following industry best practices

Develop and maintain comprehensive automated tests, including unit, integration, and end-to-end testing, to ensure reliability and stability

Work within an Agile development environment, leveraging best practices like CI/CD pipelines, automated testing, and effective code reviews

Collaborate cross-functionally with designers, product managers, and backend engineers to create seamless user-facing applications

Mentor and support other engineers within the organization, providing technical guidance and knowledge sharing

Present software architecture and technical strategies to executives, influencing key decision-making

Work as part of a cross-site development team to drive the design, implementation, testing, and release of products

Identify and address potential technical risks proactively , performance bottlenecks, and usability issues before they impact product delivery

Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and industry trends to continuously improve the frontend ecosystem


Job Designation


Hybrid:
Employee divides their time between in-office and remote work. Access to an office location is required. (Frequency: Minimum 2 days per week; may vary by team but will be weekly in-office expectation)

 

Positions at Docusign are assigned a job designation of either In Office, Hybrid or Remote and are specific to the role/job. Preferred job designations are not guaranteed when changing positions within Docusign. Docusign reserves the right to change a position's job designation depending on business needs and as permitted by local law.


What you bring


Basic

Bachelor's or Master’s in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, Informatics or equivalent experience

5+ years of software development experience in user-facing applications

Strong expertise in JavaScript and TypeScript, with deep experience in modern ES6+ features

Proficiency in React.js, Node.js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery, and the latest frontend technologies

Experience in consuming web services

Experience using coding assistants - Github Copilot, Claude Code etc

Proven track record of developing and shipping highly scalable, consumer-facing web applications

Experience working in Agile environments, utilizing best practices for version control (Git), CI/CD workflows, and automated testing

Knowledge of growth experimentation, A/B testing strategies, and data-driven UI optimization

 

Preferred

Expertise in RESTful and GraphQL API integration

Experience with Next.js for server-side rendering (SSR), static site generation (SSG) and working with micro-frontends

Familiarity with cloud-based infrastructure (Azure) and cloud-native architecture

Strong understanding of web accessibility (a11y), internationalization (i18n), telemetry, and experimentation frameworks

Passion for frontend performance optimization, user experience, and maintainable architectures


Life at Docusign


Working here

Docusign is committed to building trust and making the world more agreeable for our employees, customers and the communities in which we live and work. You can count on us to listen, be honest, and try our best to do what’s right, every day. At Docusign, everything is equal.

 

We each have a responsibility to ensure every team member has an equal opportunity to succeed, to be heard, to exchange ideas openly, to build lasting relationships, and to do the work of their life. Best of all, you will be able to feel deep pride in the work you do, because your contribution helps us make the world better than we found it. And for that, you’ll be loved by us, our customers, and the world in which we live.

 

Accommodation

Docusign is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our job application procedures. If you need such an accommodation, or a religious accommodation, during the application process, please contact us at accommodations@docusign.com.

 

If you experience any issues, concerns, or technical difficulties during the application process please get in touch with our Talent organization at taops@docusign.com for assistance.
