Security Data Engineer, GRC
Security
Company Overview


Docusign brings agreements to life. Over 1.5 million customers and more than a billion people in over 180 countries use Docusign solutions to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people’s lives. With intelligent agreement management, Docusign unleashes business-critical data that is trapped inside of documents. Until now, these were disconnected from business systems of record, costing businesses time, money, and opportunity. Using Docusign’s Intelligent Agreement Management platform, companies can create, commit, and manage agreements with solutions created by the #1 company in e-signature and contract lifecycle management (CLM).


What you'll do


We are hiring a Security Data Engineer to join our GRC Engineering team. In this role, you will build and maintain our enterprise security data platform, overseeing the full data lifecycle—including ingestion, transformation, semantic modeling, reporting and end-to-end monitoring. You will collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to secure data access and deliver actionable insights that drive timely risk interventions. As a core contributor, you will establish process controls and reliability standards to meet data quality SLAs, while automating access controls to ensure a secure, future-proof platform. 
 

This is an individual contributor role reporting to the Senior Director, Security Governance, Risk & Compliance.

 

Responsibility

Design unified models for assets, identities, and events while maintaining a central semantic layer

Build and operate high-scale ETL and streaming pipelines with end-to-end data delivery

Define data contracts, versioning policies, and schema evolution to ensure platform stability

Implement granular privacy and access controls to produce audit-ready evidence for GRC

Publish curated data marts and dashboards for posture, incident, and SDLC analytics

Instrument observability for pipeline freshness and manage failure budgets via on-call runbooks

Optimize cost and performance across warehouses while leading build-vs-buy evaluations

Collaborate with teams to translate security use cases into data products

Deliver surge analytics and T0-to-closure reporting for major CVEs and security crises

Lead specific data domains and develop engineering playbooks

Operate distributed warehouses, message queues, and infrastructure to strict SLO

Enforce automated quality monitoring, lineage tracking, and schema validation

Manage comprehensive backup strategies, disaster recovery (DR), and capacity planning

Execute access reviews, cost-efficiency audits, and technical vendor management

Utilize REST APIs and cloud-native services to facilitate complex data ingestion

Maintain high-fidelity logs and documenting product SLAs for regulatory scrutiny


Job Designation


Hybrid:
Employee divides their time between in-office and remote work. Access to an office location is required. (Frequency: Minimum 2 days per week; may vary by team but will be weekly in-office expectation)

 

Positions at Docusign are assigned a job designation of either In Office, Hybrid or Remote and are specific to the role/job. Preferred job designations are not guaranteed when changing positions within Docusign. Docusign reserves the right to change a position's job designation depending on business needs and as permitted by local law.


What you bring


Basic

Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) in Computer Science, Data Analytics, or a related field

5+ years of industry experience, with a strong focus on data engineering and large-scale data systems

Experience in SQL and Python, PySpark proven ability to build and maintain production-grade ETL and streaming data pipelines, as well as APIs

Experience with dimensional and data vault modeling plus streaming technology

Experience in data governance, including lineage and metadata management and implementation of privacy, access, and retention controls

Experience with dashboarding and semantic layer tools

Experience defining and maintaining SLOs, monitoring and alerting, and conducting root cause analyses for data systems

Preferred

Relevant experience in cybersecurity

Familiarity with security metrics and tools across the SDLC

Familiarity with security frameworks and standards (e.g., NIST, MITRE ATTCK)

Hands-on work with cloud security tools and best practices

Knowledge of regulatory compliance for security data (e.g., GDPR, HIPAA)

Relevant security certifications (e.g., CISSP, AWS Security)

Excellent communication skills, able to collaborate effectively with engineering teams and executives, and resolve metric disputes using evidence-based approaches


Life at Docusign


Working here

Docusign is committed to building trust and making the world more agreeable for our employees, customers and the communities in which we live and work. You can count on us to listen, be honest, and try our best to do what’s right, every day. At Docusign, everything is equal.

 

We each have a responsibility to ensure every team member has an equal opportunity to succeed, to be heard, to exchange ideas openly, to build lasting relationships, and to do the work of their life. Best of all, you will be able to feel deep pride in the work you do, because your contribution helps us make the world better than we found it. And for that, you’ll be loved by us, our customers, and the world in which we live.
