About the Role:

We are looking for a seasoned full-stack engineer to build out and manage our entire web infrastructure. Successful candidates will have a minimum of three years’ recent experience with all of the skills listed below.
Our project entails implementing our pre-approved UI, constructing our API, connecting the two, and setting up our server infrastructure. This includes all associated areas such as database and architecture design.
 

Key Responsibilities:

Design and implementation of the overall web architecture
“Pixel-perfect” implementation of our approved user interface
Design and deployment of our database
Ensuring the entire stack is designed and built for speed and scalability
Design and construction of our REST API
Integrating our front-end UI with the constructed API
Design and implementation of continuous integration and deployment
Superb interpersonal, communication, and collaboration skills.
Exceptional analytical and problem-solving aptitude.
Great organizational and time management skills.
Availability to resolve urgent web application issues outside of business hours.
 

Requirements:

BE/B.Tech/MCA or equivalent.
Minimum 4+ years of experience with:Writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Being up on latest practices is a must, e.g., HTML5, CSS3, and ECMAScript 6 (minimum)
A relevant back-end programming language {{ e.g., PHP, Python, Ruby or JavaScript }}
Database design and management, including being up on the latest practices and associated versions.
Server management and deployment for the relevant environment.
Familiarity with a relevant and globally supported framework—both front-end and back-end, if necessary—{{ e.g., React, Vue, Laravel or Flask }}
Ideally, familiarity with CSS preprocessors, bundlers, and associated languages/syntaxes/libraries {{ e.g., Sass, Less, and webpack }}
Thorough understanding of user experience and possibly even product strategy.
Experience implementing testing platforms and unit tests.
Proficiency with Git {{ or another version control system as required }}
Appreciation for clean and well documented code.
